# IBM-Creative-Challenge
Submission for 2021 QCHacks IBM Creative Challenge

A lot of us know that things happen very differently at the quantum level compared to the “real” physical level. One of the fundamental idea of quantum computing is called interference. These can be waves that clash into each other to create a larger wave (this is called an additive/constructive interference) or it may collapse the wave (called a subtraction/destructive interference). 

Our program takes in a word form the user and determines 6 clauses in relation to 6 variables. Then, we use Grover’s algorithm in attempt to find a solution to satisfy the 6 clauses mentioned before and get a plot of the probabilities of each of the possible solutions. We then define the wavelength as the length between the two highest peaks from our solution(s) and then utilize it to  determine the Beats per Minute (or BPM for short). Subsequently, we use our sample song database consisting approximately 2800 songs and determine 5 songs that have the specific BPM and present it to the user. 

We had a hard time at first because of the steep learning curve to learning quantum computing and qiskit.  We were all not too familiar with coding other than the Python we learned in classes so it was all a lot to learn at once.  The concept of interference was also hard to grasp and even harder to try to implement into an idea to code.  We also had to change ideas halfway when realizing that it wouldn't work out with what the challenge wanted.  All of these things were very frustrating for our team but we managed to overcome these obstacles and create a project that we are all very proud of.

While many people may be unknown to quantum computing, we think that more people should appreciate the beauty of it! From this project, our group had the opportunity to explore one fo the most utilized source of entertainment, music and connect it with quantum computing. We also realized that even if you are not into quantum computing or do not know much about it, you can always try to learn and explore the beauty of quantum computing by relating it to something that may be meaningful to you such as music or videos or really, anything! 
